hey independent business owner did you
know the internet loves watching local
commercials which is great because I'm
sure everyone could use a pre-owned
Chevy from your lot outside Chicago how
do you stand out here small business
person be different try a rap or a rap
part on my lot
some of them news some of them not or a
wrap with hipster than gold
parakeets rabbits and soar beyond or a
rap or a rap the credit macdaddy is in
the how walking talking bringing it down
c-raf can sell tons of things while
still being racially insensitive except
this guy he's fantastic making the pizza
making a pizza sprinkle the cheese
sprinkle the cheese yeah I want to come
and see you sprinkle the cheese even if
it means getting my pizza from a barn
hey lawyers if you're trying to set
yourself apart give yourself a cool
nickname just don't be the hammer
everybody is I'm Jimmy
call lolled I am er Stanley Jim this
one's my favorite hammer just looked
deep into his eyes 100% you deserve 100
percent of all the money I asked you to
look into his eyes because what's
happening behind him is horrifying
but the oh my holy Lord and hey with so
many ads out there the best way to cut
through all the noises louder noise oh
we got Queen size jumbo master set
starting a $298 so need your speaker's
49 holy Sh and remember loud is
different than crazy just as crazy
Gideon I grew up with this guy he's nuts
yes I want to come by they're crazy
Gideon I want to buy a Trinitron that's
been in your mouth
rookies go for the obvious trust me I'm
just a regular guy only professionals go
for the less obvious I may kill you in
the night bury Christ
Merry Christmas
from
insurance you sell insurance can I
ensure myself against you that girl is
terrified so what's the moral of this
story
well dear shopkeeper of today in tough
economic times like these as you stare
bankruptcy in the face remember what
matters most celebrity live in rooms
bedrooms - yes living rooms NS yes mhm
yes you can get sick gigs like doing
your stick on Current TV bill borrows on
current we call it current hours or even
the more prestigious local affiliate fox
news six during the weather report come
on make it it's just like it's just like
chopsticks oh yeah then go back to Sony
Ottomans join us on the next viral video
film school